App.tsx:1 Uncaught TypeError: $RefreshSig$ is not a function
    at App.tsx:1:62
Explanation

Understanding the problem
The error Uncaught TypeError: $RefreshSig$ is not a function typically indicates an issue with React Fast Refresh (often used in development environments like Webpack's Hot Module Replacement or Vite). Fast Refresh relies on specific signatures being generated for components, and this error suggests that either the development setup isn't configured correctly to generate these signatures, or there's a problem with the way a component is being defined or exported that's preventing Fast Refresh from processing it.

Suggested fix
This error is usually related to your development environment configuration rather than the application code itself. Here are the most common solutions:

Ensure React Fast Refresh is configured correctly: If you are using a build tool like Webpack or Vite, verify that the React Fast Refresh plugin is properly installed and configured.
For Webpack: Make sure @pmmmwh/react-refresh-webpack-plugin and react-refresh are installed and configured in your Webpack config.
For Vite: Ensure @vitejs/plugin-react is installed and included in your vite.config.js.
Check component exports: While less likely with standard function components, ensure your components are exported in a way that Fast Refresh can understand (e.g., export default function App() { ... }).
Review dependencies: If you've recently updated dependencies, particularly those related to React, your build tools, or bundlers, there might be a compatibility issue. Try rolling back recent dependency updates.
Clear cache and restart development server: Sometimes, a simple cache clear and server restart can resolve the issue.
Since the provided code snippet is incomplete and doesn't show the definition of the App component or any relevant build configuration, it's difficult to pinpoint the exact cause. Focus on verifying your build tool's React Fast Refresh setup.

Summary
The error "$RefreshSig$ is not a function" points to a problem with React Fast Refresh in your development environment. The solution usually involves ensuring your build tools (like Webpack or Vite) are correctly configured to support Fast Refresh.

Data used to understand this message